# Trail-finder-project
## Team Members and contributions
### （Mia）Jiaxin Yan
#### Laid the foundation by providing the framework and building stack navigation for the app.
#### Made the components for user to log in, sign out, and editing profile, and contributed to CRU operations of user collection.
#### Built the HomeScreen from functionality to UI.
#### Built the SearchScreen from functionality to UI.
#### Improved the style design of the entire system (background pictures, fonts and colors, etc.).

### （Grace）Ya Xiao
#### Integrated the Bing Image Search API for fetching trail image data.
#### Incorporated the functionality of multiple-querying of trail data based on search inputs.
#### Built the ResultScreen from functionality to UI.
#### Implemented the like button functionality and contributed to the CD operations of wishlist collection.


## Data Model
### The data model of TrailFinder app includes the following three collections:

## 1. traillist
### Description:
### the trails in Greater Vancouver Area

### Attributes:
#### id: unique identifier of the trail

#### trailTitle: the name of the trail

#### camping: the boolean value indicating whether camping is allowed within the trail area

#### difficulty: the difficulty level of the trail

#### dogFriendly: the boolean value indicating whether the trail is dog-friendly

#### publicTransit: the boolean value indicating whether public transit is accessible

#### rating: the rating of the trail

#### imageUri: the uri of the trail image


## 2. users
### Description:
### the app users which are hiking-lovers

### Attributes:
#### uid: unique identifier of the user

#### username: name of the user

#### email: the login email of the user

#### description: the self-description of the user

#### avatarUri: the uri of the user

#### wishlist: the liked trails of the user

#### recommendation: the list of recommended trails generated by the app for the user with a descending order of ratings


## 3. wishlist:
### Description:
### the liked trails of each app user

### Attributes:
#### createdAt: the time of the wishitem created

#### userCid: unique identifier of the user

#### trailTitle: the title of the trail



## 4. recommendations:
### Description:
### the collection of lists of recommended trails generated by the app for the user, based on different preference sets

### Attributes:
#### preferenceSet: the preference set that the recommended list is generated based on. It is derived from the user's wishlist.